Welcome, in this video, we're going to return to the local side
of our Git repository that corresponds to our GitHub repository.
In previous videos, we transferred the "website" repository
from our personal account to the organization account, and then we forked it back again.
So now we end up with the copy of the repository
in both the personal level and the organization level.
This is a common setup when you're working with GitHub
in something known as the "pull request workflow";
so, we are slowly building up to that eventual workflow.
The next step is to make sure that our remote references are set up
to point to the individual account, as well as the organizational account GitHub repositories.
Let's return to the local side; I'm currently in my user's home directory.
If I change directory into "projects/website",
I land in the main folder for the website Git repository on the local system.
Right now, we are on the develop branch, and we currently have a clean working directory.
As I've shown before, we have a remote reference named "origin",
that currently points to the "jasongtaylor" version of our repository on GitHub.
And, since we forked back from the organization and ended up with a copy of
the website repository within the "jasongtalyor" user account,
nothing needed to change for our remote reference named "origin".
And, in fact, we will keep it named origin and add the other reference
back to our organization as another remote reference.
To do that, I'm going to return to my browser and click on the
"forked from my-organization-example/website";
that will take me to the organization's version of the website repository.
One thing to keep clear is that this repository
and where I came from are two separate repositories.
In all actuality, we're dealing with three separate repositories;
one at the organization level, second one at the individual level,
and the third one on our local system. These are all three separate distinct
Git repositories, although they are named the same thing and may have similar histories.
Alright, now that I'm on the organization version of this repository,
I'm going to go to the lower right hand side and look for my cloning options.
I'm going to make sure that I'm on SSH, and then I'm going to click on the
copy to clipboard button. Once that's copied, I'm going to return back to my local system.
Since we already have a remote reference named "origin",
we need to name this reference something else.
And, to do that, I'm going to use Git's "remote add" command.
Start off with "git remote add"; followed by the first parameter,
which is the name of the remote reference we wish to create,
I'm going to call this "upstream"; then provide a space;
and then paste in the value that should be in your clipboard.
Make sure this references the organization's version of the repository,
and not the one that's on your personal account. Once we've done that press enter.
Like many commands in Git, no news is good news,
so let's verify with the "git remote -v" again.
Great, now we have both origin and upstream specified,
and they point to the website repository on the personal account
and the organization account respectively.
We can try it out by using out "git fetch" command: "git fetch upstream"
Doing so, Git will reach out to the remote named "upstream",
which points to our organization version of our repository,
and, when that happens, Git will notice two new branches, master and develop,
that are associated with the upstream remote reference.
If you want to fetch from all the remote references at one time,
you can use the "--all" parameter that's part of "git fetch".
Let's try that now: "git fetch --all".
Git will go to "origin" and then "upstream" to fetch any new references.